
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/9/2025 5:22 AM
It is an unseasonably hot day at The Gates, and you find the sweltering temperature unbearable.  For this reason, you are almost relieved when you are interrupted in the middle of the afternoon by Belle the clockwork cuckoo, who chirps and whirs and drops a small scroll into your outstretched hand before zooming away.  Hopefully this will take you anywhere far from this heat.  You open the parchment and read:

REPORT TO HOURGLASS GATE IMMEDIATELY. MUST STOP CULT OF THE MINDSTORM FROM SUMMONING THE ELDER KRAKEN.

You are aware of these aquatic monstrosities, but you have never heard of an Elder Kraken before. Cult of the Mindstorm? Numerous questions race through your mind as you run to gather your belongings and muster at Hourglass Gate, where Gibbulous Periwinkle awaits.

The gnomish gatekeeper adjusts his large ruby-tinted goggles on his forehead before speaking.

"Greetings and well met, Defenders.  I thank you for coming so quickly - I'll get right to it.

For many years, we have been tracking the efforts of a group of amphibious creatures who call themselves the Cult of the Mindstorm to summon the apocalyptic god of their religion - Higara, the Elder Kraken.  Their high priests believe that this being will bring about the destruction of the world and it appears they are finally about to complete their ritual. They must be stopped!

We can portal you on board a sailing ship, but you will be in the middle of the ocean and on your own, so here... take these," Gibbulous says as he hands each of you a dinner plate-sized blob that looks like a translucent jellyfish. "These are caps of water breathing, of my own design.  They may come in handy should you find yourself, well... submerged.  I nearly lost an entire team to drowning, and I'm not about to make the same mistake twice.  Just speak the command word, THALAX, to activate them underwater.

Good luck!  Do your best to thwart the cultists and prevent this evil monstrosity from entering this plane!!"

Gibbulous points to his goblin assistant, Grobbit, who throws various levers and twists various knobs on the wall, finally pulling a huge switch that causes a large portal to crackle into existence in the center of the room, right in front of the ten-foot-tall magical hourglass.  You leap through, and are immediately struck by the cool, ocean breeze and smell of the salt air as you land with a thunk on the wood deck of a sailing ship.

The sun shines brightly all around you but no land is to be seen. You immediately see four squat, froglike beings hovering a few feet above the ocean nearby, chanting and croaking in unison, their dark green robes flapping in the wind.

"ALMIGHTY HIGARA... TITAN OF THE MINDSTORM.... WE SUMMON YOU FROM THE DEPTHS TO CONSUME THIS PATHETIC WORLD.... WE ARE YOUR MORTAL VESSELS.... WE GIVE OURSELVES UNTO YOU SO THAT YOUR POWER MAY BE ETERNAL!!!"

There is no time to spare. 
Grimald (gophren) — 4/9/2025 6:18 AM
Enter Grimald

"Cult of the Mindstorm... Elder Kraken..." 

Grimald still absorbs the information as he steps through the portal. He lands with a light thunk on the ship’s wooden deck. The heat vanishes, replaced by the ocean breeze.

“Well, well,” he drawls, strolling casually to the ship’s edge with a smirk, hands resting lightly on his hips.
 “Gibbulous promised us high priests, but it seems we’ve been sent to deal with little amphibians instead. I expected towering fanatics, not a quartet of croaking mouths, toad-ally devoted to their soggy god!” 

His cold eyes gleam with amusement as he surveys the four cultists

As their chanting fills the air, Grimald tilts his head, feigning a yawn. 

“Oh, do go on, I’m positively riveted. Or should I say ribbited?” 

He claps his hands together with mock enthusiasm. 

“Right then, no time to waste—let’s make a splash before their Elder Kraken decides to reply to their message!”

As he finishes, he reaches up and taps the crown he wears. The gems on the tiara’s points detach, orbiting his head and casting a faint, starry glow.

Pre-action: Star Flight
Flow (Tjolanta) — 4/9/2025 8:04 AM
Enter Flow

Flow follows after Grimald through the gate. Feeling not to unpleasant to be on a ship again. Taking a deep breath of sea air as she takes in the scene. Letting out a low deep  sigh as she sees the flying creatures out over the water.

"I guess priests come in all formats. Though I wouldn't complain if they where smaller ..  and not flying."

Though as she frowns, you could still see an amused smile in her eyes. It seemed Grimald was in a really good mood today.

"I don't have any fancy stuff like you, but at least I have this." And with those words she downs one of her potions.

Pre-action: Potion of flying
Galwen (Ari) — 4/9/2025 1:51 PM
Enter Galwen

Racing to Hourglass, the elven archer catches her breath as she arrives.

"Two gates with water in a row? This is going to be annoying... Everything is so expensive..."

She checks all her potions before muttering the command word for her wings.

Finding herself on the deck of the ship, she can't help but groan.

"Master Grimald, are you intentionally trying to make yourself a target?"

Pre-action: Activate Wings of Flying
Don Explodicus (sfollac) — 4/9/2025 3:49 PM
Enter Don
Ph

Pre-action: Conjure Water Elemental using Spire of Conflux
Perpetual Cast Contingency, cure wounds lv5 when <1 HP
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/9/2025 7:43 PM
The waters all around the ship begin to froth and broil, and the sky begins to darken.

“YES!!” one of the priests croaks exuberantly. “REJOICE, FOR THE TIME OF HIGARA IS AT HAND!!”

The priests speed up their chanting, their bulbous eyes rolling back into their heads and slimy spittle dripping from their mouths.
Grimald (gophren) — 4/9/2025 7:48 PM
Grimald blinks at Galwen and whispers "You know me so well" then blinks forward and advances towards the closest priest

"For you, Toadsie, the time of Higara is at feet!"

He yells as he begins to attack the priest, making them trip and stumble through the air

BA: Blessing of the raven Queen teleport 30 ft. N
M: 30 ft. N, in melee with 2Priest
A: DBS attacks at 2Priest (miss, hit with Trip Attack - fail save-, hit)
Flow (Tjolanta) — 4/10/2025 8:07 AM
Flows eyes dart over the four toadlike priests for a split second. With Grimald blinking into existence next to one her eyes gets fixed, and she sets of over the water. Speeding over the water she smiles, she almost feel like she is running on top of the water. As soon as their within reach she continue the onslaught on the priest tumbling around in the air after Grimalds trip attack.

Bonus Action: Boots of haste
Movement: P19 -> O3 ( Feline agility)
Action: Rapier at 2priest (hit, hit, hit) 
Don Explodicus (sfollac) — 4/10/2025 9:38 PM
Don clinches his teeth, because he knows something big is coming up, and that something big is likely going to be a kraken, and krakens are likely to try to crash the boat, and crashing the boat is likely to get him wet, and getting wet is not something that Orcs like, especially evokers. 

For now, he focuses on burning the enemies he can see, to distract himself. He conjures a wall of fire, just above the water, burning them crispy.

A Fire Storm 1pri 2pri (fail) 3pri (save)
BA Adrenaline rush
Water elemental 20se30e45ne, 2x slam at 4pri (hit, hit) 
Galwen (Ari) — 4/10/2025 10:47 PM
Galwen sees her fellow Defenders get to work. She takes a deep breath and takes her shot. Not using the potion for now.

BA: Insightful Fighting at 3Priest (fail)
Action: Sharpshooter Longbow Sneak Attack on 3Priest (hit)
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/11/2025 12:52 AM
The ocean continues to churn and your mind begins buzzing with the sound of a thousand hornets. Suddenly, the priests cease their chanting and begin thei counter-attack on the Defenders, their milky eyes glazed over with euphoria.

Two of the priests lash out at Flow with their slimy fists, each striking once but missing the agile tabaxi with their other attempt.  Another priest flies over to the water elemental and slams it twice successfully, which seems to have an added concussive effect.  The elemental grabs its watery head and appears to be staggered by the blows.

The last priest dashes on board the ship in between Galwen and Don. You feel the buzzing grow more intense as it breathlessly croaks:

"NOW... WE SHALL ALL BE CLEANSED. GLORY TO HIGARA!!"

1priest/2priest: Stand/Move, Slam x2 vs Flow (1 hit each)
4priest: Move, Slam x2 vs Watery (both hit, stunned)
3priest: Dash
Grimald (gophren) — 4/11/2025 3:52 AM
Grimald drinks a potion, then tries the same trick against the targeted priest, but fails to catch him this time. Flustered, he slashes him across the chest

"If you're so sure about that Higara fellow, why don't you step aside and watch how IT deals with us?"

BA: Potion of Heroism
A: DBS attacks at 2Priest (hit x3 with Trip Attack - success save)
Flow (Tjolanta) — 4/11/2025 7:50 AM
Flow ducks away from the second hit, using the momentum to get lunge back at them.

Reaction: Rapier Riposte at 2Priest (hit)

"Or ..." Flow grunts a little at the idea of some enormous monster eating the world.. She'd rather just skip them having to take care of that.

She manage to finally finish off one of the priests " ... maybe just step aside? I'm perfectly fine with that. Just leave the monster where it is." and swirl around to lunge at the other one beside them.

Bonus Attack: Gauntlets
Action: Rapier at 2Priest (dead), Rapier at 1Priest (hit, hit) 
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/11/2025 9:50 PM
An unnatural silence falls. The ocean around you turns still and then impossibly dense. The sky flashes with hues no mortal eye should perceive, and then… 

HIGARA EMERGES.

He erupts from the sea like a living storm, a colossus of alien anatomy and malevolent intent. Twisting coils of slick, scaled flesh spiral upward, impossibly long and layered with glistening, cosmic ridges. Spines like jagged coral fan outward from his neck and back, and his many-fanged maw yawns open in a silent roar.

In that moment, your minds are pierced by a voice that slithers through your thoughts like an eel through coral:

“I am summoned… and I remember this world. This crust of salt and rot… this noise. Why do you call me to it?”

The remaining priests, eyes now glowing like lanterns, respond in unison telepathically:

“Glory to the Mindstorm! We are your mortal vessels… reflect through us. Rend through us. We humbly beseech you to fulfill your destiny in the unmaking of this world.”

Gesturing to the Defenders, the priests continue:

“We give unto you these minds, oh Lord… these souls of interlopers who dared attempt to disrupt the sacred ritual. May they whet your appetite for the eternal destruction that is to follow.”

Higara’s response burns in your skull, his words dripping with disdain.

“Pathetic tadpoles… you offer me these scraps? These mewling sparks of resistance are to be my welcome feast? Or perhaps punishment for those who dare defy the Mindstorm’s swell?!”

A low ripple of cruel amusement and unimaginable hunger slithers through your minds.

”…I accept both.”
. . . 

The sea suddenly convulses and explodes as massive psychic tentacles erupt from the deep, writhing around the ship. The incorporeal appendages glow faintly with mind-bending energy as they crush the hull and splinter the masts like toothpicks.

Beneath you, a massive whirlpool spirals violently. A crackling bubble of psychic force surges outward, shimmering like warped glass. It seals the battlefield, cutting off any escape as the water rises unnaturally fast. Higara’s mind lashes outward, even as his tentacles tighten their grip around the ship.

“Let your minds stretch and snap in the deep. Let your bones adorn my hall. Let your gods forget you.”

Suddenly, the energy sphere implodes with a deafening FWOOOMPH, pulling you, your enemies, and the entire ship beneath the waves in a flash of psychic power. You barely have time to fill your lungs with one last gulp of precious air before you find yourself engulfed in seawater and hurtling toward the crushing depths of Higara’s lair, an alien undersea domain filled with jagged rock, warped coral, and the dreams of drowned minds. 

Now the real fight begins. 
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/11/2025 10:58 PM
Without movement, without breath, Higara unleashes a skull-splitting howl that detonates inside your minds.
Your vision distorts, blood vessels rupture in your eyes, and for a fleeting instant, you feel your consciousness and sanity begin to slip away entirely.

Grimald and Don stagger but steel their minds, anchoring to something - training? A distant memory? Sheer arrogance? Their mental state barely holds.

Flow and Galwen are not so lucky. They clutch their heads as psychic lightning arcs behind their eyes. Blood trickles from nose and ears, instantly dissolving in the icy water.  The water elemental, still stunned, shudders violently.

Higara: Howl vs Grimald/Don (pass), Flow/Galwen/Watery (fail) 
Don Explodicus (sfollac) — 4/12/2025 9:08 AM
Don's options for casting spells under water are limited. Fire damage is going to be less effective. Lightining damage may have unintended consequences. Acid, poison, are unclear. Cold damage is probably going to be resisted, as these creatures are accustomed to the freezing depths of the oceans. 

Yet, if dealing damage is not an option, Don can at least try to slow the creatures down, while the other defenders work on the offensive. The wizard tighten his grip on his staff of Conflux, as he conjures an enormous ball of freezing energy around the dragon and its followers. The spell doesn't deal damage to Higara, but it traps her into frozen water. "This will slow her down." is the last thing that Don says, before water fills his mouth.

A Otiluke's freezing sphere on 2pri, 4pri, higara (fail. Trapped in ice)
BA adrenaline rush 
M 5SW20W5NW 
Galwen (Ari) — 4/12/2025 11:14 AM
Galwen, suddenly just pulled underwater, looks at her weapons. She growls as she uses the last bit of her air to gulp down her favorite potion.

With the same breath, she utters.

"Thalax."

As a bubble of air forms over her, she takes a breath.

"MASTER GRIMALD YOU- Elvish expletives."

BA: Drink Potion of Speed
Action: Activate Cap of Water Breathing
HA: Dagger Sneak Attack at 3Priest (hit)
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/13/2025 12:54 AM
The priests are rapturous, eyes glowing with the power of their god.  They strike at Galwen, Watery and Flow with their fists, smashing them painfully with their webbed fists. Galwen ducks out of the way of of the first attack, but then opens himself up to a crushing blow to the head. Watery and Flow are both pummeled multiple times by the priests, stunning both of them by the enhanced psychic power of the assault.

1priest, 3priest, 4priest: Move, Slam x2 vs Galwen (miss, crit), Watery (both hit, stunned), Flow (both hit, stunned) 
Higara's voice slithers into your mind once again.:

"Foolish spell-slinger... did you think a bit of ice would harm me?! I am Higara the Mindstorm... water and ice are MY domain. Let me show you what it means to wield TRUE power."

The kraken rears back and the sea itself begins to tremble.  Countless cavitation bubbles form around Higara as the titan focuses his energy, and then suddenly releases it as an explosion of psychic energy that blasts through the cavern like a destructive shockwave. Friend and foe alike are overcome by the expanding sphere that shreds the mind like talons through silk.

The water elemental is utterly destroyed and dissolves into the murky seas from whence it came. Don and Grimald scream in the depths and clutch their skulls, but somehow resist the worst of the effects.  Flow and Galwen are unable to react in time, and both take the full brunt of Higara's attack.

The priests react strangely to the psychic energy... they appear to absorb it, their bodies crackling with purple arcs of lightning. Then, they expel the energy from their forms in a violent burst, reflecting it back onto the nearby Defenders.  This is too much for Flow and Galwen to handle, and both are overcome with the psychic anguish.  Their bodies slump and float in the water as their consciousness slips away, and Flow's last lungful of air trickles out in a small stream of bubbles.
 
Higara Legendary Action: Ocean’s Wrath vs all creatures (Don/Grimald (pass, pass w/DMI), Watery fail 💀, Flow/Galwen fail,  unconscious from Priests' Psychic Mirror damage) 
Grimald (gophren) — 4/13/2025 3:28 AM
Grimald takes a big gulp of air before sinking. He clenches his teeth as he miraculously resists the ferocious attack from the primordial creature and the reflected attack by the toad, at which he lashes back with a slash.

"Okay... time to get speedy..." he thinks to himself, not wanting to lose precious air and he drinks the potion of speed.
"Thalax to me..." then he puts on the cap and swims at the unconscious Flow, putting the cap on his head as well "...Thalax to you..."
Despite the water slowing him, he is still fast enough to serve Flow a healing potion as well

R: Blood Fury Tattoo retaliate at 1Priest (hit with Trip Attack - success save)
BA: Potion of Speed
A: Activate Cap of Water Breathing
M: 5ft. N in melee with Flow
Action Surge: Activate Cap of Water Breathing on Flow
Hasted A: Potion of Greater Healing on Flow 
Flow (Tjolanta) — 4/13/2025 12:11 PM
Flow opens her eyes, squinting, and instantly gasps for air. With fear racing through her mind she tries to realize what is going on. She is in water. Her cap is on, strangely enough. FIrst her eyes fall on Grimald, and she manages to produce a weak and faltering "..uhh ... tha.. nks .." before it all comes back to her. The uncontrollable power drowning her, holding her, and her eyes are wide open.

Stunned, Frightened
Resist Fear: Failure 
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/13/2025 2:18 PM
The nightmarish, undulating form of Higara glides closer, its scales rippling with power.  The kraken turns his gaze to Don and flings forth a lance of pure psychic energy that pierces the mage’s mind, terrifying him to the core. 

Higara’s coal-black, lifeless eyes briefly flash with evil satisfaction as he fires two more lances at Grimald, inflicting massive amounts of damage with the first lance but missing narrowly with the second.

Higara: Move 40’, Mental Lance vs Don (hit), Grimald (hit, miss)
Don Explodicus (sfollac) — 4/13/2025 2:40 PM
"Blurb.... Blurb blurb blurb" this is how an orc talking underwater sounds like 

"Galwen - it's not the time to sleep!" Don's voice resonates more clearly, after he puts the cap on. 

A put cap on 
BA Healing Word Galwen 
M 5W5NW 
Galwen (Ari) — 4/13/2025 2:59 PM
She gasps in air from the bubble as she feels Don's magic washing over her. The dagger is sheathed as she aims. Unfortunately she can't really move to get out of the way so she's kind of stuck there...

But! She does down a potion to keep her conscious.

BA: Steady Aim
HA: Sharpshooter Longbow Sneak Attack on 3Priest (hit)
Action: Drink Potion of Superior Healing
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/13/2025 4:07 PM
The priests tremble in awe at the presence of Higara, and their attacks against the Defenders seem less effective. The last priest attempts to dash toward the heroes, but is frozen with fear.

4priest: Dodge
1priest, 3priest: Slam x2 vs Galwen and Grimald (all miss) 
Grimald (gophren) — 4/13/2025 4:30 PM
A quick glance at Galwen in the wreckage of the ship, then Grimald, still reeling from the last atack of the kraken, goes on the offensive against the nearby priest

A: DBS attacks at 1Priest (hot x3)
BA: Second Wind 
Flow (Tjolanta) — 4/13/2025 9:00 PM
Finally able to move Flow lunge frantically at the priest beside her, even though they seemed visibly clinging to life by a thread. Then all she want is to lash out on the huge beast, but she cannot make herself get any closer. Instead she swims off, the fastest she can, unleashing all tension on another of these priests. These totally crazy priests who for some deranged reason invited this monster. "Send them back!"

Bonus Action: Feinting maneuver
Action: Rapier at 1priest (dead), Rapier at 4priest (hit, hit)
Action Surge: Rapier at 4priest (hit, hit, hit)
Movement: to AB13 (hasted and feline) 
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/14/2025 4:20 AM
Higara looms closer and lashes out with three massive tentacles that grip Flow, Don, and Grimald tightly. In addition to the crushing pressure, you can feel your very mind about to crack like an egg. 

With the flick of an appendage, Higara hurls Grimald across the cavern to be smashed into the jagged rock wall. Don’s eyes roll back in his head, overcome by agony and mental torment. As the Mindstorm releases the unconscious wizard, he draws close to Galwen.

“Did you know, elf, that fear enhances the flavor of the psyche? Anger is rather bitter, despair too bland. But a mind flooded by fear… that is most delectable.”

Higara: Move, Tentacle vs Grimald, Galwen, Don (all hit), BA Fling Grimald 
Galwen (Ari) — 4/14/2025 5:22 AM
Galwen sneers as she's brought up close to the gargantuan psionic being.

"Maybe you should look again? You're getting complacent. Arrogance in my mind, is extremely predictable."

She's fought with Don enough times to know that the first time he's brought down, he isn't.

Reaction: Uncanny Dodge 
Don Explodicus (sfollac) — 4/14/2025 6:46 AM
Don remembers the times when he was still an adept, studying the arts of the arcane. He remembers a scholar who was obsessed by studying squids and marine creatures, who spent a considerable amount of time trapping them into little maze and observing how they were able to free themselves. This gives Don an idea about how to do in this combat. 

He begins to recite the words for a Maze spell, but just then, he realizes that he has forgotten to do his homework. The words of the spell are blank in his mind, and he can't remember them. It would have been a clever way to solve the situation... But the spell is not there. 

Frustrated, the orc decides to retreat away from the fray, and conjure a Draconic spirit to help in the combat. The summon will not be very effective at damaging enemies of such level, but it will soak some of the damage.


BA misty step 25s5sw
A Summon Draconic Spirit (gem dracon, psychic shared resistance)
M 15S 
Draconic spirit rend 3priest 4x (all hit) 
Galwen (Ari) — 4/14/2025 8:29 AM
Seeing the wizard get to work, she grins at the psionic entity.

"Told you so."

Downing yet another potion, she aims and fires at the priest behind her. One at a time.

Action: Drink Potion of Heroism
BA: Steady Aim 
HA: Sharpshooter Longbow Sneak Attack on 3Priest (hit) 
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/14/2025 7:02 PM
The remaining priests slice their seasick-green fists through the water, bashing Galwen into unconsciousness. The other priest does not fare as well and misses both attacks, but finally settles down enough to control its fear of Higara and focus on the task at hand.

Priests: slam x2 vs Galwen (both hit, unconscious), Flow (both miss) 
Grimald (gophren) — 4/14/2025 8:08 PM
The Shadar-Kai launches himself forward at the gigantic Kraken

"Hey, you bloated jellyfish! You can't even kill me properly and you think you're some big shot?!"

He makes his point with a few slashes

BA and M: Blessing of the raven Queen teleport and move in melee with Higara
A: DBS attacks at Higara (hit x3)
Galwen (Ari) — 4/14/2025 8:26 PM
In the grip of Higara, Galwen still manages to wriggle just enough out of the way of the slam to remain conscious.

Reaction: Uncanny Dodge
Flow (Tjolanta) — 4/15/2025 8:13 AM
No need to move. Not that she'd admit it, but she is fine here, a bit away from the monster. Instead she focus totally on this priest, who is to blame for everything. Hitting hard, but not hard enough.

Bonus Action: Steady aim
Action: Rapier at 4priest (hit, hit, hit)
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/15/2025 1:43 PM
Higara flicks his serpentine tongue in the water near Gophren. Your minds register a flash of bemusement at the elf’s insults.

“My… what is this? I’ve not tasted this in centuries. Could it be… defiance?! Such a rare delicacy to savor.”

The kraken rears up and opens its cavernous maw to unleash a silent, skull-splitting howl. This time, only the Defenders are targeted, and their brains are cracked like eggshells.

Higara: Skull splitting howl vs Defenders (all but Grimald fail)
Don Explodicus (sfollac) — 4/15/2025 2:29 PM
"Defiance" says Don. As he opens his mouth, blood scatters in the water around him.

The howl would have killed a less robust wizard, but that is not the case for Don.

"Here you have it, defiance. I hope it tastes well, because it's the last thing you'll feel."

The orc raises his staff, and swims a few meters closer to the fray. He sends a quick healing spell on Galwen, to bring her back to the battle. He then conjures a barrage of magic missiles on Higara and one of the priests.

M 15N
A Magic missiles on higara
BA healing word Galwen
Draconic Spirit Rend 4x, breath on 3pri (dead) 
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/15/2025 3:00 PM
“Where do you think you’re going, little bauble?” Higara sneers. He whips out a tentacle that ensnares the gem draconic spirit and holds it firmly in place.

Higara: Reaction AOO tentacle vs Summoned Dragon (hit, grappled)
Galwen (Ari) — 4/15/2025 11:25 PM
Gasping for breath, wincing from the skull splitting headache, she grips her bow and looks at the priest she'd been targeting this entire time. Pleasantly surprised to see them dead, she goes to scan the battlefield. Just the big one and an almost dead priest. Okay. She can do this.

Loading a heavier arrow, she pushes it through the currents and goes to down another potion. Whatever helps.

BA: Steady Aim 
HA: Sharpshooter Longbow Attack on 4Priest (hit, kill)
Action: Drink Potion of Greater Healing
Grimald (gophren) — 4/16/2025 10:31 AM
Grimald reels from the psychic attack as his companions falter, his senses almost shattered by Higara's unearthly howl. Still standing, he channels the dark favor of his goddess. With a whispered prayer to the Raven Queen, shadows twist around him, coalescing into spectral raven wings that cloak his form. In a heartbeat, he vanishes—only to erupt in a storm of ebony feathers before the Kraken’s towering, malevolent eyes.

He locks gazes with the beast. His voice cuts through the tumult, sharp and unyielding:

"Higara, you tentacled tyrant, your reign crumbles here."

He slashes at the Kraken’s eye, the blade singing as it carves the air, but fails to make an impact.

"You deem us weak, mere prey to your abyssal might—but you’re blind to what mortals wield."

He ducks a thrashing tentacle, countering with a vicious upward strike.

"Our bonds forge us stronger than your ancient bulk could ever dream."

His scimitar flashes in a flurry of cuts, each blow filled with his anger.

"You’re an overgrown calamari, a relic bloated with arrogance, unfit to rule even the depths."

He leaps, evading a crushing blow, and drives his blades toward the beast’s other eye.

"I am Grimald Embertree, devout follower of the Raven Queen and I deny you, false god. And I’ll carve that truth into your ruin!"

BA: Blessing of the Raven Queen teleport up, at eye level with Higara
A and Hasted A: DBS attacks at Higara (miss, hit x3)
Free: Stares defiantly on purpose 
Flow (Tjolanta) — 4/16/2025 10:33 AM
The howling fills Flows head, totally unable to stand against the force of psychic energy. But through the terror filling her mind, her body fights to survive. Not yet ready to give up on life. Perhaps it is just more fear. Fear of that other place, where she has been once before, if only for seconds.

Death save: Success (F ○○○|*○○ S) 
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/16/2025 3:37 PM
Wordlessly, Higara pummels Grimald over and over with tentacles the size of tree trunks, and then flings the elf away with its mind to slam into the cavern wall.

*The kraken appears content to let his tentacles do the talking, but the titan’s gaze remains fixed on the shadar-Kai. 

Higara: Tentacle x4 vs Grimald (2 hit), BA Telekinetic Fling vs Grimald 
Don Explodicus (sfollac) — 4/16/2025 3:55 PM
After practicing his spellcasting skills over many battles, Don has now acquired a finer control over his magic, and he is able to cast two complex spells in rapid succession, although with some limitations.

A mix of arcane and divine energy, in this case. The wizard recites a teleportation spell to move Flow's unconscious body closer to the battle. He then uses an healing word spell to return the fighter to consciousness.

In the meanwhile, the Draconic Spirit attacks the kraken aggressively, but its weapons are useless against the creature.

M 15E
A Vortex Warp Flow
BA Healing word Flow
draconic spirit Rend 4x Higara (immune), breath 
Galwen (Ari) — 4/16/2025 4:04 PM
sleepy placeholder but defying the overgrown calamari.

BA: Insightful Fighting at Higara (fail)
HA: Sharpshooter Longbow Attack at Higara (hit)
Action: Potion of Healing
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/16/2025 4:14 PM
Higara seems to absorb the summoned dragon’s attacks, growing brighter and brighter until he explodes the accumulated energy outward to blast the dragon, Galwen and Flow. 

The tabaxi, barely returned to consciousness, is once again knocked out by the psychic wave, and Galwen holds on to her sanity by a thread.

Higara: Reaction Psychic Reprisal vs Flow, Galwen, Dragon
Grimald (gophren) — 4/16/2025 6:16 PM
Grimald grunts, blood streaking his pale brow, his cold eyes ablaze with defiance. With a whispered prayer, he invokes the Raven Queen’s blessing and teleports, reappearing in a burst of dark feathers before Higara’s glaring eyes.

“Still floundering, Higara? Your efforts to erase me are laughably inept!” he taunts, voice sharp with contempt. “I’m the Raven Queen’s chosen, and your failures only sharpen my edge!”

His Crystal Double-Bladed Scimitar flashes as he delivers four searing slashes, each fueled by righteous fury. Only one strikes true, biting into the Kraken’s flesh, the others glancing off. 
“This is your might?” he scoffs. “A god who can’t land a blow! You’re a crumbling myth, Higara, and I’ll dance through your every misstep!”

BA and M: Bonus of the Raven Queen teleport and move into melee with Higara
A and Hasted A: DBS attacks at Higara (miss x3, hit)
Flow (Tjolanta) — 4/16/2025 6:18 PM
ph

Death save: Success (F ○○○|☆○○ S)
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/16/2025 8:53 PM
SLAM! SLAM!

More psionic tentacles try to crush Grimald, and once again he is tossed like a rag doll into the wall.

“You vex me, Shadar-Kai,” Higara thinks.. “Amusing insults, like a minnow who stands up to the shark, but I tire of these games. I shall save devouring you for last, so that your mind’s last image shall be the suffering and consumption of your friends. THEN; I shall permit you to die.”

Higara: Tentacle x4 vs Grimald (2 hit), BA Telekinetic Fling
Don Explodicus (sfollac) — 4/16/2025 10:03 PM
From a safer distance, Don continues supporting the other defenders. He heals Flow, the conjures a barrage of magic missiles into the Kraken. 
The Draconic spirit struggles to free itself, but the kraken's tentacles are too strong.

A magic missile Higara 
BA healing word Flow 
Draconic spirit attempts to free itself from grapple, fails 
Galwen (Ari) — 4/17/2025 12:21 AM
ph

BA: Steady Aim 
HA: Sharpshooter Longbow Sneak Attack on Higara (miss)
Action: Dodge
Grimald (gophren) — 4/17/2025 12:56 PM
With a defiant smirk, Grimald summons the Raven Queen’s blessing, shadows swirling around him as he teleports back into Higara’s looming presence. His blades flashes in a flurry of strikes, though only one finds its mark, carving a shallow gash in the Kraken’s hide. Undeterred, he straightens, locking eyes with the monstrous entity.

“You call me a minnow, Higara?” he quips, his tone laced with mockery. 
“Well, this minnow’s got a bite you can’t stomach. You think you’ll break me by hurting my friends? They’re tougher than your slimy grip, and I’ll be the thorn in your side you can’t pluck out. Keep dreaming of devouring me—I’d give you a case of indigestion that’d sink you back to the depths!”

Despite the bruises, he grins with bloody teeth. 

“Go on, keep tossing me about. It’s the closest you’ll get to winning.”

BA and M: Blessing of the Raven Queen teleport and move in melee with Higara, eye to eye
A and Hasted A: DBS attacks at Higara (miss x3, hit)
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/17/2025 1:30 PM
“I KNOW, GROBBIT, I SEE IT!!” Gibbulous shrieks as the silvery sands of the Hourglass change from a trickle to a torrent. The upper chamber is almost entirely emptied.

“They haven’t much time… bring me the proto-aqua-explodinator!!” he says to his assistant, pointing to a small barrel in the corner.

“But but boss… dat’s a SPER-iment, you said!! Not all done!” the goblin replies, his greenish skin turning a milky shade of pale.

“It’ll have to do.  We have no other choice. Fetch it at once! We can only send one object through the portal, so hurry while I adjust the portal coordinates to their new location!”

Grobbit struggles under the weight of the barrel as he carries it to the center of Hourglass Gate and attaches it to a complicated harness. He then runs over to the wall and begins turning a winch that hoists the barrel high above the marble floor.

“Ready, boss!” he shouts, giving a tiny thumbs-up. Gibbulous makes a couple scribbled calculations on a chalkboard and finishes adjusting some brass dials on the wall.

“READY TO LAUNCH in 3… 2… 1… DROP!!” he says, throwing a huge switch and pointing at Grobbit, who releases the clasp securing the barrel.

As the barrel plummets to the ground, a small portal opens up directly beneath it, and in a blinding flash of arcane energy, the proto-aqua-explodinator vanishes.

. . . 

In the inky darkness, you see a small spark in the middle of Higara’s lair that blossoms into a brilliant golden light. Reinforcements? Strike Team? An allied ancient golden dragon, perhaps?

Nope. Just a single, small barrel pops out of the glow, floating like a bit of debris.  You stare dumbfounded for a few seconds, wondering if it is supposed to do something.

“This?!” Higara projects into your mind mockingly. “This is your salvation? Perhaps your masters sent you a cask of grog to ease your suffering before you perish. Perhaps -“

Higara’s thoughts are abruptly cut off as the barrel explodes in an impressive blast. A wave of shimmering healing energy washes over all of you, closing some of your wounds and stanching the bleeding. You feel vitality surge back into your bodies, and something even more powerful… hope.

Gatekeeper Aid: Level 6 Cure Wounds on all allies 
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/17/2025 1:57 PM
Back at the gate, the upper chamber of the massive central hourglass suddenly replenishes with a mound of  silvery sand.

Gibbulous gives a loud sigh of relief, and quickly straightens up.

“There, you see, Grobbit? I never had a doubt.” 
Flow (Tjolanta) — 4/18/2025 12:18 AM
There is a surge of energy flowing through Flows body and she is thrown out of the darkness. Suddenly all too aware of the pain in every part of her body. Then another surge of energy and her eyes fling open. The priest is gone and instead the monster is right there, and she lash out at them.

Action: Rapier at Higara (hit, miss, miss)
Bonus Action: Steady aim 
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/18/2025 4:10 AM
ph

Higara tentacle x4 vs Gem Spirit 💀, Fling vs Galwen
Don Explodicus (sfollac) — 4/18/2025 9:44 AM
The Gatekeeper's spell provided a much needed help, but the situation is far from being solved. In fact, Galwen is down again - Don quickly proceeds to solve the problem, healing them with a quick spell. 

After the dragonic spirit is destroyed, Don thinks about summoning it again. However, that would not be so effective, given Higara's immunity to mundane damage. 

Thus, the wizard opts for another type of summon - this type, an enourmous arcane hand, made of shimmering force. A gigantic hand to fight a kraken with its eight tentacles. This type of summon is more durable than the Draconic spirit, and it can deal another type of damage, to bypass Higara's defenses.

BA healing word Galwen 
A bigby's hand Higara (hit)
M 15NW 
Galwen (Ari) — 4/18/2025 9:55 AM
She wheezes as she gives Don a thumbs up.

"Thanks for getting me away from you!"

She fires off an arrow that actually hits this time, also keeping evasive maneuvers.

BA: Steady Aim 
HA: Sharpshooter Longbow Sneak Attack on Higara (hit)
Action: Dodge
Grimald (gophren) — 4/18/2025 4:05 PM
"Ahh, so much better!..." Grimald basks in the feeling of the vitality being restored"

He continues his assault on the Kraken, with the same rate of success as before

BA: Gift of the Chromatic Dragon Chromatic Infusion
A: and Hasted A: DBS attacks at Higara (miss x3, hit)
Flow (Tjolanta) — 4/18/2025 10:03 PM
ph

Reaction: Sentinel attack (hit)

ph

Bonus Action: Steady aim
Action: Rapier at H (hit, miss, miss)
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/19/2025 12:11 AM
Higara looks a bit unsure of these suddenly-rejuvenated Defenders surrounding him. He releases his grappled victims, expels a huge cloud of ink, and jettisons away from the team. Flow and Grimald swim away from the cloud, but the summoned Had gets coated in the substance that seems to leech mental energies.

Higara: Release Grapples, Legendary Action - Psionic Ink vs Flow, Don (pass) and BH (fail), Move 60’E

Once he is clear of the Defenders, Higara quickly launches three psionic lances at Flow, Grimald, and Don. All of them strike true, and the Defenders are gripped with agonizing pain and abject terror.

Higara: Psionic Lance vs Flow, Don, Grimald (all hit)
Don Explodicus (sfollac) — 4/19/2025 1:15 AM
Ph 

BA command hand to remove ink 
A missile Higara 
M 10nw 5n
Galwen (Ari) — 4/19/2025 2:50 AM
ph

BA: Steady Aim
HA: Sharpshooter Longbow Sneak Attack (miss)
Action: Dodge
Grimald (gophren) — 4/19/2025 6:21 AM
Grimald tries to strike from the distance with magic from the tiara he's wearing, but to no success. The monster is immune to that type of magic, so he shouts out his anger as he gulps a potion of healing

A: Crown of Whirling Comets Starlight Strike at Higara (immune to cold)
BA: Potion of Superior Healing
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/19/2025 1:31 PM
Higara’s laughter echoes in your minds as the icy comets bounce off the kraken’s tough scales.
Flow (Tjolanta) — 4/19/2025 3:18 PM
ph

Bonus Action: Superior healing
Action: Shortbow at Higara (miss, miss. hit)
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4/19/2025 4:21 PM
Higara uncoils somewhat and rears up to his full height, nearly filling the cavern with his body.

“ENOUGH!!” you hear the titan scream inside your heads. “I AM THE MINDSTORM, AND I AM ETERNAL! I SHALL FEAST UPON YOUR PALTRY MINDS AND THEN CONSUME YOUR ENTIRE WORLD!!”

Suddenly; Psionic tentacles like the ones that crushed the ship emerge from all corners of the cavern, reaching out and ensnaring all but Don. Then, with a flick of a fin, Higara hurls each of the grappled victims into the wall. Flow barely clings to consciousness, but Grimald and Galwen are both knocked out and float lifelessly against the rocks.

Higara: Legendary Action Psionic Tentacle/Fling vs all enemies, all but Don are hit
Higara fixes his gaze on the summoned hand, and sneers at the arcane creature.  He fires three mental lances at it that cause it to explode and dissipate into the ether.

Higara: Mental Lance x3 vs BH 💀
Kayliana (Ryan) — 1:23 AM
It is not enough, Gibbulous realizes. The sands continue to pour out of the hourglass and the Defenders’ time is running out.

“Grobbit… summon the Strike Team.”

The goblin nods solemnly and smashes a big red button on the center console. Moments later, two figures appear in the middle of the gate, and Gibbulous bows.

“Master Cavatappi… Master Albert… thank you for coming so soon. The team is fighting the elder kraken Higara, and they need your help desperately. Please take these,” he says, handing them each a Cap of Water Breathing. “Place this on your head and speak the command word “thalax” once you are underwater to activate. Go now!!”

Gibbulous and Grobbit adjust the controls on the wall and summon a new portal that brings the Strike Team right in the middle of the fray. 
Albert Addison Ashfield-Allencourt Jr.
APP
 — 2:57 AM
Somewhere in the Gates is a private suite. It’s an opulent space, one that screams wealth and comfort, in that order. Inside the suite is an Elven man, lounging about. He is currently on the bed, sighing ever so often to himself. The room, for all its grandeur, is a mess.

The door slams open and the man cranes his neck, scowling, "What?!", at the figure that steps in. It’s a woman, also Elven. Where the man is dark in coloring and demeanor, this one is light and of an upbeat disposition. She smiles and claps her hand and the man on the bed finds himself being tugged by spectral hand. "Up and at ‘em, young master! You have a summons to get to!"

The young master frowns and crosses his arms. "No. Summons are horrible. And bad for servants. So you shouldn’t be encouraging it."

She smiles; it’s a sad sort of smile, one of fondness and remembrance, "Halbert knew what he was getting himself into. I do too. This is a good job. Your job. You wouldn’t want to get the Master involved would you?  I’m sure he would be…if you don’t go…"

Young Master groans and kicks at the spectral hands grasping at his ankles. "Ugh. Fineeeeee." It’s the longest uttering of the word ever as he drags himself off the bed and onto his feet. "Let’s go, Elise."

They arrive, him floating indolently on a carpet, her on foot. He eyes the offered cap with distaste. "No, as if I would wear something like that. I have my own." Elise takes the offered cap and smiles in thanks. "I’ll take one, thanks. And you want to leave the carpet, young master. You wouldn’t want it to get wet."

He rolls his eyes and steps off the carpet, grumbling, "You drag me from bed and expect me to go swimming now?" He huffs as he steps through the portal. Elise following after with a cheerful, "Never done this underwater before, so this’ll be an experience!"

Albert
Pre-cast/check: Bardic Inspiration @ Elise

Elise
Pre-cast/check: Foresight @ Albert
Jimothy (Garlic) — 4:07 AM
Cavatappi floats in and is whipping up a platter of magical breadsticks and sauces when the water breathing cap is thrust into his hands just as the food appears. "Oh, uh, yes, of course. Under water, you say?" Cavatappi looks slightly nervous, having heard stories of what happens to noodles when they're put in water. "We shall win the day!" Cavatappi asserts with a little less confidence than usual.

Pre-Cast: Crown of Stars 
Kayliana (Ryan) — 4:06 PM
“What is this?” Higara growls telepathically as these new figures appear in his lair. “More chum in the waters, eh?”

The kraken’s tentacles swirl around him, and his gaze rests on the newcomers with malice and hunger. 
Don Explodicus (sfollac) — 5:04 PM
*Don is glad to see reinforcements, as the b


M 15N 
BA healing word galwen
A Arcane Hand lv9, clenching fist on Higara (critical)